Social Media Tools
Just about all organizations now maintain
some sort of presence on Social Media.
The information a company posts on social
media can be very useful for us.
We could, for example, use this
information to identify potential
employees and gain more information about
the company and its operations.
There are various ways to gather this
public information with several tools
we have already discussed, such as
recon-ng and theHarvester.
Let’s explore a few additional tools.
Social-Searcher
Social-Searcher is a search engine for
social media sites.
A free account will allow a limited
number of searches per day.
Social-searcher can be a quick alternative
to setting up API keys
on multiple more specialized services.
The search results will include
information posted by the target
organization and what people are saying
about it.
Among other things, this can help us
determine what sort of footprint
and coverage an organization has on
social media.
Once we’ve done this, we may choose to
move on to using site-specific tools.